My Dear How can I help you?

What kind of info you required?

So, we are providing two types of courses paid and free courses.

Paid courses have content of more then two hours.

Free courses have content of about two hours.

We are providing Engineering and other courses.

other courses include Business Analysis, Digital marketing, Graphic designing, Statictics and Literature.

Engineering courses include Electrical, Computer Science, Mechanical, Chemical, Civil, Biomedical Engineering courses.

Electrical courses include IOT, robotics, Power, VHDL, electronics, embedded systems, Machine Learning.

Computer Science courses include Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, DevOps, Cloud computing and programming languages like Flutter, C/C++, java, python etc.

Staring price of paid course is from 19 Dollars to 74 Dollars.

Perks of paid courses are Certificates, Downloadable content, access to instructors and 30 days money back guarantee.

Paid courses length is different for different courses like paid programming courses length is upto 40 hours.

Sorry, we dont have any content on any religion, political party and history.

No, Udemy dont allow instructors to teach students on site.

We have 1500 instructors and have 200k plus courses.

Yes, You can apply for Udemy mentorship program Just you need to do goto to the tech on Udemy section and fill the form and give a test of skills and after that you will be instructor at Udemy.

According to Electrical Engineering we have 10k plus courses on it.

According to Mechanical Engineering we have 2k plus courses on it.

According to Biomedical Engineering we have 8k plus courses on it.

According to Chemical Engineering we have 3k plus courses on it.

I am fine. Thank you

You can find the course, just click search bar and type the name of course and hit the enter button, after that apply filter based on your requirements like paid or free courses.

Yes, our courses are valuable, valid and Udemy is world biggest and Top learning platform. 

Yeh Just write your complain here.

Email message will send within 24 hours.
